0.  An artificial long word said to mean a lung disease caused by inhaling by fine ash and sand dust.  Also the longest
    published in an English language dictionary.
1.  It returns a measure of the resources used by either the process calling the function, the children of the process
    which have terminated and been waited for, or the calling thread.
2.  16
3.  If we passed the arguments to the function by value, it would require the program to make another copy of each struct
    argument everytime the function was called.  Because it is meant to measure performance, it should run with as little
    overhead as possible.
4.  First, the program runs the load function to load the dictionary into memory. Then the program loops through the
    dictionary file character by character, increasing an index value per each iteration by which it appends each character
    to a word variable until it hits the null terminator, after which point the rest of the string is consumed. The word
    variable is compared to the dictionary data structure, and boolean value specifying whether or not it was misspelled is
    returned, after which the process begins again with the next word.
5.  fscanf could cause buffer overflows by scanning a word larger than the size of the word variable before it is checked
    inside the loop.
6.  The purpose of the program is to compare words to the dictionary structure that does not change, so it serves as a
    note to the compiler that it can treat the return values as constants for optimization and error-checking purposes
7.  A trie consisting of a boolean indicating whether or not a word ends at that node, and a struct pointer to an array
    of 27 identical nodes whose memory address values are initialized to 0.
8.  My program spent .08 seconds in load, .01 seconds in check, .00 seconds in time, and .06 seconds in unload, adding
    up to .14 seconds total the first time I got it working.
9.  My results were very similar to that of the staff solution, so I did not feel the need to optimize it, although
    figuring out how to free the memory properly was very difficult.
10. No
